Let's continue our work on the favorite's page here it's ok.
We have that Molen looks nice but there are a couple of things I want to change.
I think it would be nice if we could kind of slide this item is currently not possible to reveal a delete
button so that we don't have to open the motile to unfavorite unfavored so that we can just slide over
and unframed favorite add like this.
I ionic to support this.
And I'm going to show you how we can implement this logic.
Back in the editor.
Any favorites HMO files so in the template we can actually implement such a sliding Ayane items that
such a sliding item with a separate component.
It's called an item sliding like this.
Now this element here this component is ionic to component needs to wrap our eye an item.
So it's placed inside of there.
This has another implication.
We now have to remove DNG for love from our eye an item element and instead place it on the item sliding
element here like this.
So now we're repeating this item sliding element which wraps are an item.
So with this we're halfway there I'll leave to Clix this listener on the item though because the item
still is the thing we actually see.
But I can add some extra element now with that being wrapped by item sliding.
I'll add it below the item and it is of type iron item options.
Now I an item sliding an I item options are kind of tied together.
They work together.
You use them together and you especially used them together in conjunction with an item though that
could also be a button with an item directive on it.
What this does is item options allow us or items sliding allows us to slide this element and reveal
those options.
Does this just how you use that combination.
Sliding options and the element itself.
Now inside of an item options you simply add a button with Type II and button because you want to have
a click clickable element on the thing we're revealing.
And I'll give a color of danger to make it red.
And on this button I think would be nice to have this trash like this when I can.
So and I and I can and you can look up what the trash can.
What the trash I can name is but I can also spoil the fun too.
It's trash.
And then I'll also have a delete text here just like this on the button.
This will show such a delete button on the options we're able to reveal by sliding and that is how you
set this up to get the desired effect.
Let's have a look at this and see it in action.
And as always feel free to play around and see how it looks like if you use a different element like
age to element and instead of a button for example.
Now with that let's go back to the application.
Let's add a quote to our favorites and now you can see I'm not tapping I'm sliding doors and I'm revealing
this delete button here.
Pretty nice huh.
So that's awesome.
Now of course this button doesn't do anything.
So let's hook it up let's add a click listener to this button here.
Go to split this over multiple lines to again make it easier to read.
Let's add a color or a color excuse me let's add a click listener here and stat and here are what I
call on remove from favorites and passed a quote as an argument on remove from favorites.
Now it is a new method I'll need to add to my favorites here or do this year and unnoted I will receive
a quote as an argument and here I simply can copy the code I had here in my motile on this missed check
or callback I should say inside of this if block here so I'll copy this.
And if are copying code that always is a good indicator that you can refectory your code.
So instead of having the same code twice I can simply go to my modal on did dismiss callback and remove
this code which I now have and yabber method here and simply call this on remove form favorites and
pass to quote as an argument.
This will preserve you all function and functionality but make this code reusable and I need to reuse
it because I'm using it here for this button which I can reveal by sliding.
So let's save this and see this in action and see if this but no actually works.
If I go to the library favorite this quote go to back back to our favorites here revealed the button
click delete.
It's gone.
This is how easy I can delete the element.
With this sliding effect here and of course you can add more and just delete buttons you can add any
but you want the different colors.
With or without icons just like you can always style your buttons here but nicely fit into this optional
menu provided by IGN items options and items sliding